Updates quick start guide (#276)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/getting-started/_index.md

The `operator-sdk` binary provides a command to easily install and uninstall OLM in a Kubernetes cluster. See the [SDK installation guide][sdk-installation-guide] on how to install `operator-sdk` tooling.

> Once you have the `operator-sdk` binary installed, you can easily install OLM on your cluster by running `operator-sdk olm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have the `operator-sdk` binary installed, you can install OLM on your cluster by running `operator-sdk olm install`.
```
Two small nits, and perhaps out of scope since this sentence is part of the original content.

Author: Updated, thanks.

INFO[0006]   Creating ClusterRoleBinding "olm-operator-binding-olm"
INFO[0006]   Creating OLMConfig "cluster"
INFO[0009]   Creating Deployment "olm/olm-operator"
INFO[0009]   Creating Deployment "olm/catalog-operator"
INFO[0009]   Creating ClusterRole "aggregate-olm-edit"
INFO[0009]   Creating ClusterRole "aggregate-olm-view"
INFO[0009]   Creating OperatorGroup "operators/global-operators"
INFO[0009]   Creating OperatorGroup "olm/olm-operators"
INFO[0009]   Creating ClusterServiceVersion "olm/packageserver"
INFO[0010]   Creating CatalogSource "olm/operatorhubio-catalog"
INFO[0010] Waiting for deployment/olm-operator rollout to complete
INFO[0010]   Waiting for Deployment "olm/olm-operator" to rollout: 0 of 1 updated replicas are available
INFO[0021]   Deployment "olm/olm-operator" successfully rolled out
INFO[0021] Waiting for deployment/catalog-operator rollout to complete
INFO[0021]   Deployment "olm/catalog-operator" successfully rolled out
INFO[0021] Waiting for deployment/packageserver rollout to complete
INFO[0021]   Waiting for Deployment "olm/packageserver" to rollout: 0 of 2 updated replicas are available
INFO[0032]   Deployment "olm/packageserver" successfully rolled out

> INFO[0032] Successfully installed OLM version "latest"

Reviewer 2: Ah... the numbers in `INFO` are different, but they aren't highlighted. Very sublte.

> INFO[0032] Successfully installed OLM version "latest"

Author: It is both numbers in `INFO` and trailing whitespace.

I noticed that there are few new CRDs in the output now and decided to give a refresh to this code block as well.
